docs: LDAP trust store property clarification (#15028)
apache/druid: docs/operations/auth-ldap.md

Complete the following steps to set up LDAPS for Druid. See [Configuration reference](../configuration/index.md) for the location of the configuration files. 

> 1. Either create a new java trust store and import the CA certificate (or self-signed certificate) for your LDAP server into the newly created ldap truststore or import the CA certificate (or self-signed certificate) into the truststore specified by the `druid.client.https.trustStorePath`  property located in your `common.runtime.properties` file. The example below ilustrates the option with one key store for both https clients and ldap clients but you could use a separate dedicated trust store just for ldap if you wish. 

Reviewer: A minor rewording and formatting change so that it renders more nicely: 
![image](https://github.com/apache/druid/assets/53799971/699636d7-6b02-4505-8253-3e3715c7e2ab)

```suggestion
1. Import the CA or self-signed certificate for your LDAP server into either a newly created LDAP trust store or the trust store specified by the `druid.client.https.trustStorePath`  property located in your `common.runtime.properties` file.

   The example below illustrates the option with one key store for both HTTPS clients and LDAP clients, but you can use a separate dedicated trust store just for ldap if you wish. 
```

   keytool -importcert -keystore /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/adoptopenjdk-8.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/lib/security/cacerts -storepass mypassword -alias myAlias -file /etc/ssl/certs/my-certificate.cer
   ```

> 3. In your `common.runtime.properties` file, add the following lines to the LDAP configuration section, substituting your own truststore path and password. Note that the property to point to the trust store is `druid.auth.basic.ssl.trustStorePath` and not `druid.client.https.trustStorePath` . Thus regardless if you use the same trust store for https clients and ldap or if you use a separate ldap trust store, ensure the correct property points to the trust store where you imported the ldap CA certs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In your `common.runtime.properties` file, add the following lines to the LDAP configuration section, substituting your own trust store path and password. Note that the property to point to the trust store is `druid.auth.basic.ssl.trustStorePath` and not `druid.client.https.trustStorePath` . Regardless of if you use the same trust store for HTTPS clients and LDAP or if you use a separate LDAP trust store, ensure the correct property points to the trust store where you imported the LDAP certificates. 
```
